2D	Two-dimensional
AAG	Astronomy and Astrophysics Research Grants, an NSF program
AAS	American Astronomical Society
ACGIH	American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists
ADS	Astrophysics Data System
AI	Artificial Intelligence, used to cover many machine learning algorithms
AJ	The Astronomical Journal
ALMA	Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ESO)
AMCL	AURA Management Council for LSST
APC	activities, projects, or state of the profession considerations - wrt. the decadal survey
API	Application Programming Interface.  Usually this is either "web API" (meaning how you access/update data via http) or "software API" (meaning how you call the function/class/etc in a particular programming language or library), although often only "API" is used and the prefix is implicit.
APL	Apache Public License
ATLAS	The Asteroid Terrestrial-impact Last Alert System
AU	deprecated acronym for astronomical unit; use au instead
AURA	Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy
AWS	Amazon Web Services, one of the largest cloud computing providers.
Authentication	The action of showing who you are and an person, mission, or other entity
Authorization	The action of allowing an authorized or anonymous entity access to data or services
B	Byte (8 bit)
CAOM	Common Archive Observation Model \url{http://www.opencadc.org/caom2/}
CAS	Central Administrative Services
CC	Change Control
CC-IN2P3	Centre de Calcul de l'IN2P3
CCB	Change Control Board
CCD	Charge-Coupled Device
CEC	International in-kind Contribution Evaluation Committee
CERN	European Organization for Nuclear Research
CI	cyberinfrastructure
CMB	Cosmic Microwave Background
CS	Computer Science
CSSI	Cyberinfrastructure for Sustained Scientific Innovation  \url{https://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2019/nsf19548/nsf19548.htm}
CTA	Cherenkov Telescope Array \url{https://www.cta-observatory.org/}
CTIO	Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory
Citizen Science	- Amanda, Arfon, Meg?,
Commodity Computing	Computing bought off the shelf not specific for astronomy, could be infrastructure as a service (ias) bough from a cloud vendor.
Container	- Niall Gaffney
DAC	Data Access Center
DAQ	Data Acquisition System
DES	Dark Energy Survey
DESI	Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument
DIA	Difference Image Analysis
DIBBs	Data Infrastructure Building Blocks
DKIST	Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope (formerly the Advanced Technology Solar Telescope, ATST)
DM	Data Management
DMCS	Data Management Control System
DMS	Data Management Subsystem
DMTN	DM Technical Note
DNN	Deep Neural Network
DOE	Department of Energy
DOI	Digital Object Identifier \url{https://www.doi.org/}
DP1	Data Preview One
DP2	Data Preview Two
DPAC	Data Processing and Analysis Consortium (Gaia)
DPDD	Data Product Definition Document
DR	Data Release
DRP	Data Release Production
DVCS	Distributed Version Control System, a form of version control where the complete codebase - including its full history - is mirrored on every developer's computer
DWDM	Dense Wave Division Multiplex
Docker	A popular implementation of container technology.
EFD	Engineering and Facility Database
ELT	Extremely Large Telescope
EPO	Education and Public Outreach
ESA	European Space Agency
EU	European Union
FITS	Flexible Image Transport System,  is an open standard defining a digital file format useful for storage, transmission and processing of data. Files are formatted as tables or 2D images
FIU	Florida International University
FORCE11	FORCE11 is a community of scholars, librarians, archivists, publishers and research funders interested in the Future of Research Communications and e-Scholarship
FPGA	Field Programmable Gate Array, an integrated circuit which is fairly easily configurable.
FTE	Full-Time Equivalent
GNU	GNU's Not Unix! An operating system and an extensive collection of free computer software
GPL	GNU Public License
GW	Gravity Wave
Gb	Gigabit
HEP	 High Energy Physics
HPC	High Performance Computing
HTC	High Throughput  Computing
HTML	HyperText Markup Language
I\&T	Integration and Test
IAM	Identity and Access Management
IAU	International Astronomical Union
IDL	Interactive Data Language, a programming language used for data analysis. Harris Geospatial \footnote{\url{https://www.harrisgeospatial.com/Software-Technology/IDL}}
IN2P3	Institut National de Physique Nucléaire et de Physique des Particules
IPAC	No longer an acronym; science and data center at Caltech
IR	Infra Red
IRAF	Image Reduction and Analysis Facility,  a collection of software written at the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (NOAO) geared towards the reduction of astronomical images in pixel array form.
IRSA	Infrared Science Archive
ISO	International Standards Organisation
ISR	Instrument Signal Removal
IT	Information Technology
ITAR	International Traffic in Arms Regulations
ITC	Information Technology Center
IUSE	Improving Undergraduate STEM Education
IaS	Infrastructure as a Service
JOG	Joint Oversight Group
JWST	James Webb Space Telescope (formerly known as NGST)
K8S	Kubernetes provisioning system
LDF	LSST Data Facility
LDM	LSST Data Management (Document Handle)
LHC	Large Hadron Collider (at CERN)
LIGO	The Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory
LISA	Laser Interferometer Space Antenna - ESA mission for 2030's
LPM	LSST Project Management (Document Handle)
LSE	LSST Systems Engineering (Document Handle)
LSP	LSST Science Platform
LSR	LSST System Requirements; LSE-29
LSST	Large Synoptic Survey Telescope
LSSTC	LSST Corporation, a not for profit organisation associated with LSST
LSSTPO	LSST Project Office
LUVOIR	The Large UV/Optical/IR Surveyor - concept mission.
M1M3	Primary Mirror Tertiary Mirror
M2	Secondary Mirror
MAST	Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes
MB	MegaByte
MCMC	Markov Chain Monte Carlo, a class of algorithms for sampling from a probability distribution.
ML	Machine Learning (see also AI)
MMA	Multi Messenger Astronomy
MREFC	Major Research Equipment and Facility Construction
MSE	Maunakea Spectroscopic Explorer
NAS	Neural Architecture Search
NASA	National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA ROSES	Research Opportunities in Earth and Space Science
NCOA	National Center for Optical-Infrared Astronomy
NCSA	National Center for Supercomputing Applications
NGSS	Next Generation Science Standards \url{https://www.nextgenscience.org/}
NGVLA	Next Generation Very Large Array \url{https://science.nrao.edu/futures/ngvla}
NIR	Near Infra Red
NOAO	National Optical Astronomy Observatories (USA)
NSF	National Science Foundation
NSF's OIR Lab	NSF's National Optical-Infrared Astronomy Research Laboratory; \url{https://nationalastro.org}
NSTA	National Science Teachers Association
NYU	New York University
OCS	Observatory Control System
ODBC	Open DataBase Connectivity, a standard API for SQL databases.
OIR	Optical Infra Red
OODS	Observatory Operations Data Service
OS	Operating System
OSS	Observatory System Specifications; LSE-30
Object Storage	A storage architecture that stores files as objects (opposed to a hierarchy etc.) commonly provided by cloud services, i.e AWS S3 (Simple Storage Service) or Google Compute Cloud "Cloud Storage".
OpenEXR	a high dynamic range raster file format, released as an open standard along with a set of software tools created by Industrial Light \& Magic (ILM) \url{http://www.openexr.com/index.html}
P5	The Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel is a scientific advisory panel tasked with recommending prioritization for U.S. investment in particle physics research, on the basis of various funding scenarios.  The last full report was in 2014: \url{https://www.usparticlephysics.org/resources/}.
PASP	Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific
PB	PetaByte
PCW	Project Community Workshop
PDF	Probability Density Function
PHP	a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development.
PI	Principle Investigator
PLATO	PLAnetary Transits and Oscillations of stars, the third medium-class mission in ESA's Cosmic Vision programme.
PMO	Project Management Office
POP	Project Operating Plan
PPDB	Prompt Products DataBase
PSF	Point Spread Function,  describes the response of an imaging system to a point source or point object.
PVI	Processed Visit Image
Pan-STARRS	Panoramic Survey Telescope and Rapid Response System
QA	Quality Assurance
REUNA	Red Universitaria Nacional
S3	Structured, imperative high level computer programming language, used as implementation language for the Virtual Machine Environment (VME) operating system
SAC	Science Advisory Committee
SAO	Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
SDQA	Science Data Quality Assessment
SDSS	Sloan Digital Sky Survey
SHE	Safety, Health, and Environmental
SKA	Square Kilometer Array
SLAC	SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (formerly Stanford Linear Accelerator Center; SLAC is now no longer an acronym)
SPIE	The international society for optics and photonics
SQL	Structured Query Language, for interrogating relation databases
SQuaSH	Science Quality Analysis Harness
SRD	LSST Science Requirements; LPM-17
STEM	Science, Technology, Engineering and Math
SV	Science Validation
SW	Software (also denoted S/W)
Schema	- Niall Gaffney -The definition of the metadata and linkages between datasets and metadata entities in a collection of data or archive
TB	TeraByte
TBD	To Be Defined (Determined)
TESS	Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite,  a space telescope for NASA's Explorer program
TMT	Thirty Meter Telescope
TOMS	Telescope Observing Management System
TOPCAT	Tool for OPerations on Catalogues And Tables
TPU	Tensor Processing Unit , a proprietary type of processor designed by Google in 2016 for use with neural networks and in machine learning projects
UA	University of Arizona
UK	United Kingdom
UKIDSS	UKIRT Infrared Deep Sky Survey
US	United States
UV	Ultra Violet
UW	University of Washington
VISTA	Visible and Infrared Survey Telescope for Astronomy
VLT	Very Large Telescope (ESO)
VME	Virtual Machine Environment
Value Added	A catalog or data product generated by the science community, based on datasets output by surveys or archives. Ideally will be integrated into data archive so it can be shared within the community.
WAN	Wide Area Network
WBS	Work Breakdown Structure
WFIRST	Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope
ZTF	Zwicky Transient Facility
au	astronomical unit
cloud	A visible mass of condensed water vapor floating in the atmosphere, typically high above the ground or in interstellar space acting as the birthplace for stars.  Also a way of computing (on other peoples computers leveraging their services and availability).
cold storage	Data moved to cold storage means data moved to cheaper slower storage such as tape. The assumption is this is no longer accessed frequently.
community software	Software developed for and shared among a large group of relatively like-minded users (e.g. astronomers). Typically, but not necessarily, open source software and open development-based.
container	A container is a software package that contains everything the software needs to run. This includes the executable program as well as system tools, libraries, and settings. ... For example, a container that includes PHP and MySQL can run identically on both a Linux computer and a Windows machine.
cyberinfrastructure	Sometimes denoted CI, A term first used by the US National Science Foundation (NSF), and it typically is used to refer to information technology systems that provide particularly powerful and advanced capabilities.
git	The most widely used DVCS software
interoperability	the ability of systems or software to exchange and make use of information between them.
open development	A process for developing software that emphasizes all code contribution and decision-making be done in the open, available to as wide a group as possible (This usually means anyone with internet access).
open source software	Open source software is a type of software in which source code is released under a license in which the copyright holder grants users the rights to study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. Note that this is \emph{not} necessarily the same as open to contribution (see open development).
parquet	Parquet File Format Hadoop. Parquet, an open source file format for Hadoop. Parquet stores nested data structures in a flat columnar format. Compared to a traditional approach where data is stored in row-oriented approach, parquet is more efficient in terms of storage and performance.
reproducibility	(this one should have many definitions and we have to say WHICH version we are talking about) The ability to combine the same code and data and get the same result, or the ability to use the same code with different data to enforce a result, or there may be others
software	The programs and other operating information used by a computer.
valley of death	Most startups fail within three years. Funding is easier in year one and profitability often takes four years, if they get past that they are out of the valley of death. Many technology problems face a similar adoption problem
version control	The management of changes to documents, computer programs, and other collections of information. Changes are usually identified by a number or letter code. Each revision is associated with a timestamp and the person making the change. Revisions can be compared, restored, and merged
